>> Jason Lengstorf: Now that FX
prop is picking up what we want,
it's doing the things
that we wanted to do.
This is great,
this is exactly what we're after.
But there are a couple weird things,
right?
Like we've got this margin and
that comes from the body.
So if we wanna override that theme UI
isn't actually built to handle global
styles.
And this is something that you have to be
kinda careful about because if you add
global styles,
global styles can conflict one of the big
challenges of CSS is understanding scope.
And when you start putting
things in the global scope,
it can become really challenging
as it scales out across the team.
So you wanna be very sparing about
when you apply global styles.
One thing that I think is kind of a
generally acceptable thing to do is remove
the body, margin and padding, so that
things can go to the edge of the viewport.
So, to do that we're gonna
hop back into our layout and
we're going to import
Global from emotion/core.
And in emotion/core we're able to just
kind of define some global styles,
which is really nice.
So let's just do that,
I'm gonna do global styles.
And I want to set the body
to have a margin of 0.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
now it goes to the edge of the screen.
So again, use that sparingly, but it is a
handy way to fix things like body margin.